README.md, before:

Tatiana Soukiassian
===========

**Available for work as a Junior Developer in London, UK**

I love logical problem-solving and find it very rewarding to build and improve apps and sites. After 7 years working in PR for tech brands such as Eventbrite and Yelp, I decided to go through the looking glass and become a developer myself.

I have just graduated from an intensive 12 week development bootcamp at [Makers Academy] and I am looking forward to finding my first job as a developer. 

Web development
---------------

####*Recent Projects*

| [Map to the Future] | [Bookmark Collector] | [Boris Bikes]
|:-------------- |:------------- |:------------ |
| A world map displaying the historical events that happened on a specific date. The date can be changed using a slider, and each event is represented by a marker on the map with a pop up that provides more information| A Sinatra website allowing users to store links to their favorite websites, built during week 5 at Makers Academy. Taught me to use databases and user sessions.| A model of the 'Boris Bikes' bike hire scheme in London, built during week 2 and 3 at Makers Academy, my first introduction to OOD and SOLID principles.|


####*Skills*

- Primary language: Ruby
- Other languages: Javascript, CSS, HTML
- Languages I've just played with: Node.js, Io, Clojure, Coffeescript
- Test Driven Development languages: RSpec, Capybara, Cucumber, Jasmine
- Web development frameworks
  - Rails 4.0
  - Sinatra
- Database management
  - PostgresQL
  - ActiveRecord
  - DataMapper 
- Object oriented design
- Basic Agile practices
	- Morning standups
	- Kanban boards
	- Retrospectives
	- Pair programming
- Version control and collaboration through GitHub
- Application deployment through Heroku

####*Experience*

[Makers Academy]
**Web Development Bootcamp: August&mdash;October 2014**

  - Highly selective 12 week full-time course
  - Ruby, object-oriented programming and software design
  - Full stack web development
  - Pair programming and teamwork
  - Final project: [Map to the Future] - a map of the world representing historical events through time. Built in 2 weeks with [David Wickes], [Lovis Schultze] and [Merve Silk].
  
  

Previous Employment
----------

####*Eventbrite*
PR Manager France: June 2013&mdash;December 2013

####*AXA Life Invest*
PR, Research and Digital Marketing Manager: January 2012&mdash;December 2012

####*Hopscotch Système Europe*
Senior Consultant: December 2006&mdash;December 2011

During my time in public relations, I led international campaigns for a wide variety of companies, often having to familiarise myself with their sectors. Here are some transferable skills I have acquired:
- Organisational Skills: multitasking, prioritising tasks, setting deadlines
- Communication Skills: presenting and sharing ideas in a clear way 
- Team player: delivering constructive feedback, offering help, being generally enthusiastic
- Attention to detail: I am a card-carrying typo destroyer

Education
-----------
 * (2000-2006) **Master**   - Marketing and Customer Relations, Audencia Nantes Management School and Lycée Vilgénis

Contact me
------------

- Mobile: 077 62 43 23 46
- Email: [binaryberry@gmail.com]
- [GitHub]
- [Twitter]

[Makers Academy]: http://www.makersacademy.com/
[Map to the Future]: https://github.com/binaryberry/map-to-the-future
[Bookmark Collector]: https://github.com/binaryberry/bookmark-collector
[Boris Bikes]: https://github.com/binaryberry/Boris_Bikes
[David Wickes]: https://github.com/gypsydave5
[Lovis Schultze]: https://github.com/NineInchNade
[Merve Silk]: https://github.com/Mervodactyl
[binaryberry@gmail.com]: mailto:binaryberry@gmail.com
[GitHub]: https://github.com/binaryberry
[Twitter]:https://twitter.com/binaryberry

Commit message:

added coderetreat, Wix Hackathon and Codebar

README.md, after:

Tatiana Soukiassian
===========

**Available for work as a Junior Developer in London, UK**

I love logical problem-solving and find it very rewarding to build and improve apps and sites. After 7 years working in PR for tech brands such as Eventbrite and Yelp, I decided to go through the looking glass and become a developer myself.

I have just graduated from an intensive 12 week development bootcamp at [Makers Academy] and I am looking forward to finding my first job as a developer. 

Web development
---------------

####*Recent Projects*

| [Map to the Future] | [Bookmark Collector] | [Boris Bikes]
|:-------------- |:------------- |:------------ |
| A world map displaying the historical events that happened on a specific date. The date can be changed using a slider, and each event is represented by a marker on the map with a pop up that provides more information| A Sinatra website allowing users to store links to their favorite websites, built during week 5 at Makers Academy. Taught me to use databases and user sessions.| A model of the 'Boris Bikes' bike hire scheme in London, built during week 2 and 3 at Makers Academy, my first introduction to OOD and SOLID principles.|


####*Skills*

- Primary language 
  - Ruby
- Other languages:
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - Javascript
- Languages I've just played with
  - Node.js
  - Io
  - Clojure
  - Coffeescript
- Test Driven Development languages
  - RSpec
  - Capybara
  - Cucumber
  - Jasmine
- Web development frameworks
  - Rails 4.0
  - Sinatra
- Database management
  - PostgresQL
  - ActiveRecord
  - DataMapper 
- Object oriented design
- Basic Agile practices
	- Morning standups
	- Kanban boards
	- Retrospectives
	- Pair programming
- Version control and collaboration through GitHub
- Application deployment through Heroku

####*Experience*

[Makers Academy]
**Web Development Bootcamp: August&mdash;October 2014**

  - Highly selective 12 week full-time course
  - Ruby, object-oriented programming and software design
  - Full stack web development
  - Pair programming and teamwork
  - Final project: [Map to the Future] - a map of the world representing historical events through time. Built in 2 weeks with [David Wickes], [Lovis Schultze] and [Merve Silk].
  
**Other coding activities**
  - Wix London Hackathon - our team of 5 created an app allowing website users to text message the owner of the site
  - Coderetreat - 5 iterations of writing Conway's Game of Life, with different constraints, using pair-programming and testing
  - Codebar attendee
  

Previous Employment
----------

####*Eventbrite*
PR Manager France: June 2013&mdash;December 2013

####*AXA Life Invest*
PR, Research and Digital Marketing Manager: January 2012&mdash;December 2012

####*Hopscotch Système Europe*
Senior Consultant: December 2006&mdash;December 2011

During my time in public relations, I led international campaigns for a wide variety of companies, often having to familiarise myself with their sectors. Here are some transferable skills I have acquired:
- Organisational Skills: multitasking, prioritising tasks, setting deadlines
- Communication Skills: presenting and sharing ideas in a clear way 
- Team player: delivering constructive feedback, offering help, being generally enthusiastic
- Attention to detail: I am a card-carrying typo destroyer

Education
-----------
 * (2000-2006) **Master**   - Marketing and Customer Relations, Audencia Nantes Management School and Lycée Vilgénis

Contact me
------------

- Mobile: 077 62 43 23 46
- Email: [binaryberry@gmail.com]
- [GitHub]
- [Twitter]

[Makers Academy]: http://www.makersacademy.com/
[Map to the Future]: https://github.com/binaryberry/map-to-the-future
[Bookmark Collector]: https://github.com/binaryberry/bookmark-collector
[Boris Bikes]: https://github.com/binaryberry/Boris_Bikes
[David Wickes]: https://github.com/gypsydave5
[Lovis Schultze]: https://github.com/NineInchNade
[Merve Silk]: https://github.com/Mervodactyl
[binaryberry@gmail.com]: mailto:binaryberry@gmail.com
[GitHub]: https://github.com/binaryberry
[Twitter]:https://twitter.com/binaryberry
